news letter draft (#1924)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanage/software/apps/castep.rst

.. code-block:: bash

   ls /opt/apps/testapps/el7/software/staging/CASTEP/23.1-intel-2022a/bin

Please note majority of the exucatables require ``srun`` to run, so can only be run as a batch job. This is demonstrated in the next section.    

Batch Submission - Parallel
---------------------------
The parallel version of CASTEP is called ``castep.mpi``. Below is an example of a parallel ``castep.mpi batch`` job. It follows the example documented on the `officcial castep tutorial <https://castep.org/Tutorials/BandStructureAndDOS>`_ .

.. code-block:: bash

    #!/bin/bash
    #SBATCH --mem=5G
    #SBATCH --time=00:30:00
    #SBATCH --cpus-per-task=4
    #Email notifications to me@somedomain.com
    #SBATCH --mail-user=me@somedomain.com
    #Email notifications if the job fails
    #SBATCH --mail-type=FAIL
    #SBATCH --job-name=matlab_par_test
    
    module load CASTEP/23.1-intel-2022a
    
    srun --export=ALL castep.mpi graphite
    srun --export=ALL orbitals2bands graphite

Installation Notes
------------------
These are primarily for system administrators.

Version 23.1
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The none GPU installation was done using the custom easybuild ``CASTEP-23.1-intel.eb``. This will also be submited to the official easybuild config github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The non-GPU installation was done using the custom easyconfig ``CASTEP-23.1-intel.eb``. This will also be submitted to the official easybuild config github.
```
